yeah where we starting from a cop you
able to sit down it sits for before and
it's a tough words are tough thanks
hi guys hey so you've just returned from
the DC Marvel creative summit yeah I was
great a question for grant yes before
Watchmen there's been a bit of a
backlash yes and we expected that he's
got to expect that could see a l'amour
wrote the League of Extraordinary
Gentlemen he goes back and revisit sold
characters and creates new exciting
stories for them it's just the same
thing and we think people want to hear
these stories the hell was that what's
more it's alan moore study would find me
it's alan moore why didn't get his
blessing for before Watchmen you why
he's just went ahead with it what have
you didn't get his blessing you didn't
get his blessing ok cancel the books
cancel the books now yeah we don't have
any other I'm Tina ok I let's make the
heroes fight each other or or get a much
beloved care if you'll bring them back
to life we've done that already let's
target towards adolescence uh what will
fire the female riders Rita's on the
logo call Kevin slant on everything we
have nothing left there you've gotta
have some sort of complex
compromise
you
come from highest there is good and
there is he evil must be punished even
in the face of Armitage I shall not
compromising this there are so many
deserving of retribution and so little
time
Kung Lao Chong sock puppet snake god two
of his old tale a robber etic round of
world's poor venom on the servant or
venom on yourself
you